Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I think we can all agree that things
were better under the Empire.
Fortunately. I am still here to protect
you.
Your communities can thrive under my
protection.
You are the lucky few.
But that which I provide is expensive.
And now I must maintain all of it
without the Empire's support until the
realizes what they've lost and demand
our return.
Long live the Empire.
Good.
Now for the bad news.
I am raising a tribute.
But. but Your Excellency. we are
operating at a loss.
The trade routes are plagued with
pirates and thieves ready to attack it.
Are you saying that my protection is
lacking?
No. Your Excellency.
I am saying that...
Perhaps you should all go back
to your townships and focus on
solutions.
Not excuses.
Does that sound reasonable?
Sounds like a perimeter alert. I'll
confirm.
I've lost contact.
Go check it.
There's nothing to worry about. I'll
send for reinforcements.
Lay down cover fire.
Check out bars!
Hop on.
Did we get him? Not yet. sir. but we
will.
We missed him. He's under us. We have
him.
Fire.
What's going on? Give me a status
report.
Has the target been eliminated?
We've lost contact.
Walker 3 is gone.
Send everybody.
Understood. Prepare to engage!
You located him.
Did you get the Mandalorian?
Something's up there.
He's on the roof.
Can you see him?
Take him out. Get up there.
But we're pilots.
Go now.
Do it. Yes. sir. Get up there.
Set the charges.
Prepare for exfil.
He's breaching the hatch.
I know. I know. I need to get the shot
It's better if you bring him in alive.
You okay?
You see. you catch the bad guy and they
tell us where the other bad guys are.
Things went a little sideways.
Messy.
Very messy.
It was the best I could do under the
circumstances.
The problem is we need information.
Without it. we're never going to get to
the bottom of what the Empire is up to.
Just give me time. I'll take out every
bad guy in your deck of cards.
This isn't about revenge.
It's about preventing another war.
And protecting everything the Rebellion
fought for.
Does that mean I'm not getting paid for
this one?
You're getting paid. all right.
Come with me.
Impressive. Where did you get one of
these?
It was from a captured Imperial
Commandant who had a big collection of
vehicles. This one is stock. perfectly
restored.
I took it out for a test spin.
They did a nice job on the rebuild.
This is worth a lot more than the bounty
on that imp.
Well. let's call it an advance on the
next mission.
What next mission?
Commander Coyne.
Our missing ace of state.
No one knows what he looks like. and
most believe him to be dead.
Not a lot to go on.
What's the play?
I want you to go to Nauhutta and meet
with the Hutts.
They've agreed to lead us to him.
What's in it for them?
Their nephew is being held against his
will by another crime syndicate on the
Outer Rim. They need a professional to
get him out quickly and quietly.
Where is he?
They'll only tell you in person.
You got a name?
His name is Rod of the Hutt.
The only surviving heir of crime lord
Jabba the Hutt.
You ever cross his path?
I tried not to.
So. do we have a deal?
I only hunt down Imperial War criminals.
I don't work for gangsters anymore.
especially the Hutts. That's right. you
don't. You work for us.
And right now. this is what we need you
to do.
You don't want the job.
I got nothing for you.
Come aboard.
May as well have a look around.
Let's go hear the huts out.
I'll even let you fly this time.
I didn't say yes.
You didn't say no either.
She's dark. but she's clean.
Hey.
Don't touch anything.
Never touch the buttons.
Identify yourself.
Razorcrest requesting clearance.
I'm here by invitation of the twins.
Easy on the sticks.
They're expecting us.
We should be fine.
Clearance granted.
You are clear to approach.
They've got a lot of firepower here.
Yeah. Looks like they hired the droid
gotcha. The hearts take security
seriously.
For thousands of years they use violence
and
treachery to maintain control be careful
you may be their guests
but we are not safe
I don't work for you. I work for the New
Republic.
I'm told you can lead us to the Imperial
Fugitive Commander Coyne.
I understand your nephew Radha has been
kidnapped.
What does he look like? Do you have an
image?
Okay. I'll rescue your nephew.
Where is it being held?
It shall be done.
We're about to come out of hyperspace in
the Shikari system.
To state the obvious. you are operating
outside the jurisdiction of the New
Republic.
If things get messy. I can't call in an
X -Wing strike.
I know the drill.
Before going into harm's way. check your
armor first.
It's got to fit snug so it doesn't
slide. but not so tight that it
your movement.
Got it?
How's that feel?
All right. Seb.
Your office here.
Yeah. I'll take a flat meat fry for the
little one.
Got it. Okay. got it.
Black meat fried. huh?
Whoa.
that's quite an impressive denomination.
I'm not sure I've got change for that.
You can keep the change.
I'm new to these parts.
I can use some information.
For this price. I'll tell you whatever
you want.
I'm looking for a hut.
Shh. don't mention that name. Don't say
that.
What are you trying to do? Here.
keep your credits.
Food's on me.
Go away.
Thank you.
Okay. never happened. Let's go. Nothing
to see here.
No.
no. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no. I don't want
your credits because I didn't give you
information. His name is Rada.
Really?
Something funny?
Yeah. yeah.
Everybody knows Rada the Hutt.
That guy's a monster.
Paid to who?
Who's he?
Don't stare.
It's okay.
What's your name?
He doesn't talk.
Who do you have to pay?
Can I feed him?
Sure.
Who do you have to pay?
Lord Janu.
I don't know the name.
You should.
He runs the syndicate on all the moons
of Shikari.
He signed me to his stable. He
bankrolled my board and training.
He keeps you in a cage.
He treats me well.
And after tomorrow night. I'll be my own
man.
And with the following. he got me as a
promoter. Not only will my debt be paid.
but I'll be rich by the solstice.
Grogu. heal!
Don't worry.
I'm not my father.
You know how hard it is to be your own
man when your father is Jabba the Hutt?
You see them cheering for me out there?
For me.
It's the first time I'm not living in
his shadow.
That's why I fight in the pits.
They feared him. but they cheer for me.
So no.
I don't need to be rescued.
Where can I find Lord Janu?
Thank you. Close to the night.
Thank you. damn Mandalorians.
Mandalore didn't even come for me. He's
going around talking. I just want to
know where I can find Lord Janu.
Don't say that. Do not say that name.
Stop saying it.
I recommend you calm down.
Please. please. don't kill me. don't
kill me. I got 12 little ones at home.
smaller than him. They're smaller.
Oh. yeah.
It's just. I pay him protection. okay?
We all do.
I barely make a living. to be honest.
but at least I'm alive.
Who collects for him?
I don't know. Different people come in.
Sometimes they come here. Sometimes I do
a drop myself. What do I know?
Where? Where what?
Where do you do the drops?
Sometimes I go down to different places.
Sometimes I go to the salt bar under
Corbin Station. and then there's other
places. too. you go to. You know. I go
around.
No. I don't want it.
I don't want it. I didn't give you any
information.
I was just talking. It's not for
It's to cover his tab.
For Lord Janu.
Maybe you made a mistake.
Maybe you remember wrong and think you
know me.
Maybe you just walked through the wrong
door.
Well. I'm not here to buy salt.
Salt?
We don't sell salt.
It's on the ration.
How much for the shoulder candy?
We look real pretty in a cage.
I'm here to see Lord Janu.
I won't repeat myself again.
It seems you've earned your salt today.
I'm Janu.
Come to the back and pick out a crystal.
Hugs breath.
Have the boys clean up.
Make sure I don't miss any pets.
Here. choose one.
Salt is of no value to me where I'm
from.
But here it's worth a small fortune
because it's rationed by the
which makes it rare.
As are you. Mandalorian.
Have you ever considered fighting in the
pits?
I try to avoid violence.
Of course you do.
I do as well.
So what brings you to this establishment
if you're not in the market for salt?
I want to buy out the contract on a
fighter from your stable.
Perhaps you would consider joining my
stable instead.
This buys a lot of salt where I'm from.
I'm offering you this in exchange for
the fighting contract on Rod of the Hut.
My dear boy. there's no price high
enough to buy him out of his last fight.
I've been grooming that little prince
for many cycles. setting him up for
tomorrow's match.
Take the credits.
It's his last fight for you anyway.
It's his last fight ever.
I've collected the most deadly creatures
from across the galaxy.
He's fighting a Djeric match?
Yes.
He will die tomorrow.
And if you know it. here's my gift to
you.
Take those credits.
On the death of the Hutt.
In exchange. all I ask is that you
consider fighting in my pit.
The people of Shikari would pay any
price to see the rarest of sights. one
the legendary Mandalorian warriors
engaging in bloodsport.
This should more than cover our little
misunderstanding out there.
All I ask is that you consider my offer.
Don't make us both very rich.
Looks like we're going to have to do
this the hard way.
Last fight. I'll be free after I win.
The fix is in.
It's a Djeric match.
He will keep throwing opponents at you
until you die.
Why should I believe you?
You were sent by my aunt and uncle who
want me dead. They want you back.
You're embarrassing them.
The twins want me dead because I'm heir
to the throne. not them.
But I don't want it.
I don't want to be anything like my
father.
When I first started fighting. the
people all booed me.
They wanted to see me die because I'm
the son of Jabba the Hutt. Then I won
became a champion and they slowly began
to cheer.
They realized I'm not my father. I'm my
own man.
And I'm not afraid to fight for what I
have. To earn it. To prove myself to
everyone.
It... Fighting's not a sport.
It's a last resort.
Now come with me before things get ugly.
Guards! He's back!
Get out!
Then you're in for a long day!
Yeah! I got this!
Vix was in let's get you out of here I'm
gonna find us a ride
Can't go back!
Can't blame a guy for trying.
We're about to jump to hyperspace.
Where are you bringing me?
It's not safe to keep you chained up.
If I unlock you. can we agree to no
funny stuff?
Are you bringing me to Nal Hutta?
This is an old ship. Sometimes things
get a little bouncy.
My aunt and uncle were scared of my
father. They've always been cruel to me.
Now that they control this criminal
empire. they need me eliminated.
You bring me to them. I'm a dead man.
You don't know that. If you let me go.
you'll never hear from me again.
It's a big galaxy.
I can disappear.
Sorry. kid.
I was hired to do a job.
I don't know how you sleep at night.
working for those monsters.
I don't work for them.
I work for the New Republic.
They hired me. not the Twins.
When I bring you back. they're giving me
the whereabouts of Commander Coyne. a
high -ranking ex -Imperial operating on
the Outer Rim.
It's Jonu.
The man you're looking for is Jonu.
Lord Jonu Coyne.
That's who the Hutts are going to give
you. He's ex -Imperial.
That can't be.
The twins would have told me. I saw
stormtroopers.
He brought me to his estate once to
celebrate a big win. and there were
stormtroopers everywhere.
If you don't believe me and you don't
get them now. you'll get another shot.
In fact. it might already be too late.
That's quite a story.
Why should I believe you?
You're a bounty hunter.
You know when someone's lying.
Am I lying. or am I telling the truth?
That's it.
That's Shano Coyne's compound.
Could be big boys telling the truth.
The place is lousy with stormtroopers.
How many did you see when you were in
there?
A lot.
You're going to need a lot of backup if
you're actually thinking of going in.
Uh -huh.
Get word to all our foot soldiers on the
dark side of Shikari.
I want eyes on the Starport and all the
Kraya planes.
Lean on the mayor.
Nothing takes off our land until we find
them.
You must have my personal security
forces.
We're going to hit the streets in full
armor.
I don't want to take any chances when it
comes to the Mandalorian.
I've heard many things about those
monsters.
It's all true.
Imperial Commander John Ucoyne. I'm here
on behalf of the New Republic to bring
you to justice.
I'm afraid we're outside of your
jurisdiction.
Take it.
Received.
I don't know how to fly. Do you know how
to fly?
Neither of us know how to fly. and I
can't even fit in the cockpit.
Grogu. I need you to go to the control
panel.
Remember the buttons I told you never to
touch?
I'm going to need you to touch them.
Look for the ignition relay cutoff.
It's next to the fuel differential
readout. which is between...
The pump compression gauge and the
primary reserve... No!
Don't touch the missile battery switch.
That's why there's a safety guard on it.
Do you see the fuel readout display?
Remember I showed you that one?
It's on the other side of the manual
control surface calibrator.
I don't think he knows what he's doing.
Get out.
Get going. They're shooting at you too.
Get us out of atmosphere and jump.
Get up here. I need you to bypass the
exhaust restrictors.
This old junk is going to get us killed.
I need more power.
Disable the safety panel so I can
override the limiter. Ow.
I'm a pilot. not a mech -match. Just rip
out the whole brain board.
Everything okay up there?
Perfect.
I told you to strap in. Always wear your
seat belt.
There we go.
That doesn't look like a hut.
This is Imperial Commander Janu Coyne.
He's full of information and ready to
sing like a yasm.
Isn't that right. Coyne? I demand an
attorney be present if I'm to be
questioned. You see. he's full of
secrets.
You were supposed to bring back Radha.
We had an arrangement with the twins.
This is your ace of staves.
This is who they were going to lead you
to.
And then tip them off. sell you out. and
collect credits from both sides.
Take him away.
Intelligence has been cultivating a
relationship with the Hutts for a very
time. And you crossed them.
The twins can hold a grudge.
I made a call.
I got you the big prize.
The twins can rot in hell.
Well. you missed out on them paying you
a big bounty for their nephew.
So be it.
Well. I'll see if I can hit up command
for a fee for the capture of Gawain.
Don't worry about it.
It's on me.
This one got messy.
I'm taking a break.
I understand.
Mando.
Good job.
We're going to pull the restrict or
plates.
The first one should be just past the
return line.
That's it.
There should be three more.
Thanks for coming.
I'm looking to make some performance
modifications.
I need to cut out dead weight for speed.
Pull out anything that doesn't make her
go.
Hey!
Heal.
Stay.
I purged the fuel lines. I want to
remove all the restrictors and unplug
exhaust.
You want to go help them?
Do you promise to play nice?
Alright.
Go.
Don't worry about him.
Little guy's gonna be okay.
Sorry. I found these in your kitchen.
I was alone when I was his age.
I had to fend for myself.
He's lucky he has you.
Well. you didn't turn out half bad.
Life's messy. but we do the best we can.
Listen. I called the gun runner who
agreed to take you out of the system.
We both know the twins will be looking
for you. so you best keep moving.
Thank you. Mando.
It was a fair trade.
Make sure you lay low.
I don't want to see your name on my list
again.
You have my word.
All right. you take care of yourself.
little guy.
And keep an eye on your old man. too.
all right?
Here you go.
Hang on it.
Let's save the rest of these for after
dinner.
There's someone out there quiet get
under the floor
Thank you.
Was it the Hutts?
Well. if it was the Hutts. I'd make sure
they're paying you what you're worth.
But I'm guessing Accuso is smart enough
to get their money up front.
The huts are there.
I don't like it.
Boy. he's heavy.
Big guy. he's inside there. We've got to
go and find him and bring him home for
the baby.
What's that?
Mando is in the belly.
Big bug. huh?
Oh my god. baby!
Now you must pay.
Mandalorian steel.
Priceless on the black market.
But what even lore is knowing?
We have shamed you forever.
We know the Mandalorian creed. You will
be outcast for letting an
enemy see your face.
Not if you all die.
It will bring us ecstasy to watch your
strong
spirit break.
Monsters. You did this to him?
Raka would have died painlessly. but you
betrayed us. Now he will
suffer for centuries.
You've seen hearts live for hundreds of
years. just like
your small green child.
One day he will die. and Goroku will be
without you to protect him.
It's time to suffer.
Whoa!
AHH!
Votar postaba.
Chuba Horto will not meet you.
Droida. da mani. nicuno bala.
GASCACHUSCO!
I can't fit in that thing.
But you have to leave.
Don't worry.
I'll be right behind you.
Go. now.
I'll hold them off.
Goodbye. kid.
Methinks you are the one who stole my
fish.
I'm guessing you're not from around
here.
A morsel like you should be more
careful.
You look to be the bottom of the Nile
Hutter food chain.
I'm surprised you haven't found your way
to the hut's supper table.
Have you heard of the huts. have you?
Are you scared?
You should be.
They would swallow you whole. given half
a chance.
Make yourself scarce.
Hey! Get away from my fish.
Hunter says you have a partner.
Says you two escaped the twins.
Well. that's impressive.
Says your partners hurt real bad. Bit by
a dragon snake.
Poisoned.
I want you to feed this to him.
Now you should know. this might be too
little too late.
And there's a good chance he doesn't
wake up.
Either way. best thing you can do right
now is make him comfortable.
There comes a time where we all have to
say goodbye.
I wish you luck. small traveler.
The old protect the young and
then the young protect the old.
This is the way.
Now how do we get off this planet?
That's the gun runner that was carrying
Radha.
What?
I see it. we got two choices.
We can use this ship. get off world.
That might buy us some time. a little
bit of peace.
But the Hutts will keep coming for us.
Just like they came for Radha.
So do we run?
The little dog in front of the dog.
Come on.
Bye.
You saw my face Now
it's time to die
Nama yoga ni jabba big add a uba.
Cobra no kakiwala!
Abba. una filia pidi.
Oh. but you can do it. Johnny.
Oh. but you can do it.
We don't have much time. We have to get
out of here.
Is there another way out? I think it's
that way.
Go! Go!
We came back. I told you we would.
Adelphi Squadron. entering atmosphere.
What's your status. Mando?
We're under attack.
There are too many. Fire everything you
have at my location.
Your location?
Yes. my location.
I can't give that order.
Don't worry.
We'll be out of here by the time you do.
Good luck.
Blue leader to squadron.
Assume defensive formation. Prepare to
engage.
All weapons hot.
Copy that.
Enemy fighters approaching.
Here they come.
Turbo lasers. up ahead.
Got it.
I've got one on my tail.
I got you.
Taking out the launch tube.
Blue Leader to Red Jammer. Mark it and
lock it in.
Locking in target.
It's a dead end.
We're trapped.
Stand back.
Repeat. we're closing fast. You better
be out of there. Mando.
Jump!
That's a long way down.
Closing on target?
We gotta jump.
The bump's not that deep. It's a bomber.
Jump! Let's light up this swamp.
Anybody got eyes on Mando?
There they are.
Sam. go collect the trash.
I'm getting a little tired of these hot
extractions.
What took you so long?
Hop in.
Let's head home.
Messy. Very messy.
Why'd you come for me?
That wasn't part of the mission.
You were right.
Coyne told us everything.
The twins were playing us.
Feeding information to the Empire all
along.
They picked a side. It wasn't ours.
Besides. we don't leave our own behind.
I'm an independent contractor.
Sure. Mando.
Sure you are.
Can
I
Give you a ride somewhere?
Actually. I was thinking I could stay
here.
Maybe work for the New Republic.
Don't take this the wrong way. but I'm
not sure you would fit in.
You know. I might have a uniform that
would fit him.
Come on.
Let me buy you a drink.
Thank you. Mando.
I owe you big time. Just doing my job.
Keep an eye on him.
Your dad's one of the good ones.
Thank you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm